Conditionally render TS docs in tutorial (#5873)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/docs/tutorial/chapter2/cells.md

A guideline for when to use cells is if your component needs some data from the database or other service that may be delayed in responding. Let Redwood worry about juggling what is displayed when and you can focus on the happy path of the final, rendered component populated with data.

<ShowForTs>

> :::tip Wait.... what are those types?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Wait... what are those types?
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Redwood comes with some built-in utlity types in this example `CellSuccessProps` and `CellFailureProps`. Read more about them [here](typescript.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redwood comes with some built-in utility types, for example `CellSuccessProps` and `CellFailureProps`. Read more about them [here](typescript.md)
```

Reviewer: Or like this, depending on what you were going for
```suggestion
Redwood comes with some built-in utility types. In this example we see `CellSuccessProps` and `CellFailureProps`. Read more about them [here](typescript.md)
```
